audio1:"Yar khuda da naam ay, aaj phir Shahdara chowk poora block si. Main saveray satt baje nikalya si gharon takay time naal pounch sakan, par fida koi nahi hoya. Har banda agay nikalnay di jaldi vich ay. Rickshay walay te qasoor-e-nafsiyati lagday ne, jithay jagah mildi ay othe hi mor dende ne. Na koi signal dekhda ay na koi lane discipline. Opar ton metro da bhi itna rush hunda ay saveray saveray. Banda soche banda jaye te kithay jaye? Mausam itna garam ho rha ay aaj kal, AC chalaye bagair guzara nahi hunda aur jab traffic vich gari khari hoye te engine hi tap janda ay. Main raste vich soch rha si k koi dhang da bypass hona chahiye is ilaqay lai. Pure raste vich dhuwan aur shor, mental peace bilkul kharab ho jandi ay. Kal ton main thora aur saveray nikalna ay, warna boss ny roz di tarah aj vi fine laga dena ay. Tusi daso, tushaday pasay vi yehi haal ay ya sirf mairay naseeb vich hi yeh khajjal khuari likhi hoyi ay? Aglay haftay main rasta badal k dekhna ay, shayad thora time bach jaye par lagda nahi ay."

result:Oh my God, it was a complete block in Shadrachowk today. I left at 7 in the morning so that I could reach there on time, but there was no benefit. Every person moves forward in a hurry. The taxi drivers are guilty. They commit suicide. They turn wherever they find a place. No one sees the signal. No one has a land discipline. The metro is also so crowded. In the morning, people think about where to go. The weather is so hot these days that you can't go to the AC lab. And when the car is parked in the traffic, the engines also get hot. I was thinking on the way that there should be some kind of bypass in this area. There is smoke and noise all over the road. The mental peace gets really bad. I have to leave a little earlier tomorrow. Otherwise, the boss will fine me like every day. You tell me Tuesday. Is your money like this? Or is it just my luck that I am in this situation? I will try to change the way next week. Maybe a little time will be left, but it doesn't seem like it.

audio2:"Lahore vich reh k agar tusi saveray saveray nihari ya halwa puri nahi khadi te tusi zindagi da maza hi nahi laya. Is itwar nu maira program ay k subha panch baje nikal k mardana bacha ban k hareeba de shop tay javan. Othay jo rash hunda ay na, lines lagiyan hundiyan ne par jo maza unki garam garam puri aur channay vich ay, uska koi muqabla nahi. Kuch log kende ne k itna heavy nashta hazam nahi hunda, par main kehndi jawan khoon ay, sab hazam ho janda ay. Phir sham nu chacha di lassi pi k jo sukoon di neend aandi ay, uski baat hi alag ay. Mairay kuch dost Islamabad ton aa rahay ne aglay mahinay, wo keh rahay san k hamein real Lahori food street dekhni ay. Main unhein Lakshmi Chowk le k javan gi, othay karahi khilavan gi aur phir butt kaddahi di tikkas. Lahore di asli rounaq hi iskay khaney vich ay. Idhar burger burger karnay walay logan nu pata hi nahi k asli swaad kis cheez vich ay. Tusi dasso, is itwar nu mairay naal chalna ay ya phir ghar baith k sirf anday parathay pe hi guzara karna ay? Jaldi daso taqi main plan final kran."

results:Living in Lahore, if you don't eat Halwa or Nihari in the morning, you won't enjoy life. On this Sunday, I have a program that I go to Hariba's shop at 5 in the morning. There is a rush there, but there is no competition for the fun of selling hot Poori and chickpeas. Some people say that such a heavy breakfast is not digestible, but I say that everything is digestible. Then in the evening, I drink uncle's Lassi and sleep peacefully. Some of my friends are coming from Islamabad next month. They were saying that we have to see the real Lahori food street. I will take them to Laxmi Chowk, eat Karahi there and then go to the Tikka of Bhat Karahi. Lahore's real cry is in its food. People who make burgers here don't know what the real taste is. Tell them to come with me on this Sunday or spend half of the day at home. Tell me quickly so that I can finalize the plan.

audio3: "Bhai ny keha si k database normalization aur database architecture achi tarah tairyar kar k jana, par mairay kolon queries yaad hi nahi ho rahin. PHP da jo project banaya si, usme login page vich abhi vi koi issue aa rha ay, session expire hi nahi hunda. Teacher ny agar code khol k poch liya na k yeh function kis tarah chal rha ay, te mairi bolti band ho jani ay. Semester di CGPA pehly hi low ay, agar is project vich behtar marks na aey te degree late ho sakdi ay. Areeba keh rahi si k tension na lo, sab set ho jana ay, par uski apni tairyari poori ay is liye wo cool ban rahi ay. Main te poori raat jaag k notes parhay ne par lagda ay sab mix ho gya ay dimagh vich. University walay bhi aakhri semester vich itna load daal dende ne k banda saans vi nahi lay sakda. Duah karo k external examiner thora naram aaye, zyada deep coding ke sawal na poochay, bas basic concepts sun k hi pass kar day. Agar is dafa bach gye te bas shukar guzar hovan gi zindagi bhar."

results:My brother told me to remember the database properly, but I am not able to remember the queries. The project of PHP has login page and no issues. Session does not expire. If the teacher asks me how the function is working, I will stop talking. The C.G.P.A. of the semester has already started. If there are no better marks in this project, the degree can be delayed. Ariba was saying not to worry, everything will be set. But she is ready, so she is becoming cool. I woke up all night to read the notes, but I think everything is mixed. University students also get so much load in the last semester. You can't even breathe. Pray that the external examiner is a little soft. Don't ask too much about deep coding. Just listen to the basic concepts and pass. If you survive this time, you will be thankful for your life.


audio4:"Anarkali bazaar jana matlab aik jorazmaish di tarah ay. Kal main aur mairi ammi gayin san shopping lai, itna rush si k pair rakhnay di jagah nahi si. Kapray walay dukan dar pehly te ajeeb ajeeb keemtain dasday ne. Aik aam ja suit si, uski qeemat char hazar das reha si. Ammi ny seedha kaha 'bhai do hazar dena ay te daso'. Othay hi laraee shuru ho gayi. Par mairi ammi vi poori Lahori shopper hain, unho ny aisi bargaining kiti k dukan dar ny aakhri vich do hazar nizam vich hi suit dy ditta. Othay dupattay dye karwanay walay, lace walay, sab itne chalak hotay ne k agar aap dhyan na do te kharab cheez dy dende ne. Khussa kharidna si aik, par size hi nahi mil rha si mairay paon da. Do ghantay paidal chal chal k mairay pait vich choohay dorny lag gye san, phir raste ton gol gappay khaye. Gol gappay walay ny pani itna teekha banaya si k kaan ton dhuwan nikal gya. Par chalo, shopping poori ho gayi aur paise vi bach gaye, yehi bari baat ay."

results:Going to the Narkali Bazaar is like a test. Yesterday, my mother and I went for shopping. It was so crowded that there was no space to keep our feet. The shopkeeper told us strange prices. A suit was priced at Rs. 4,000. My mother told us to pay Rs. 2,000. That's where the fight started. But my mother also went shopping in Lahore. They also bargained and the shopkeeper gave us a suit for Rs. 2,000. The shopkeeper told us to pay Rs. 2,000. The shopkeeper told us to pay Rs. 2,000. I was buying a pair of shoes, but I couldn't find the size of my feet. After walking for two hours, I started running like a rat. On the way, we ate gol gappas. The gol gappas made the water so spicy that I started sweating. But the shopping was over and we saved money. That's the big thing.

audio5:"Lahore da mausam ab pehly jaisa nahi rha, bilkul unpredictable ho chuka ay. June vich garmi itni ajeeb hundi ay k lagda ay insaan pighal jaye ga, aur opar ton load shedding da apna hi rona ay. Par sab sy bara masla sardiyon vich shuru hunda ay jab smog aati ay. Poora shehar dhuwain di lapet vich aa janda ay, saans laina mushkil hunda ay aur ankhon vich jalan hundi ay. Government kaili dafay kehndi ay k mask pehno, par log serious hi nahi letay. Schools band karne par jande ne, bacheyan di parhai da nuksan hunda ay. Yeh sab factories da dhuwan aur gariyon di waja ton ho rha ay. Hamein apnay shehar nu saaf rakhnay di zaroorat ay, zyada ton zyada darakht lagane chahiye hain par idhar har jagah housing societies ban rahi hain. Har haryali wali jagah nu kaat k concrete khari kar dende ne. Agar yehi haal rha te aglay das saal vich Lahore rehnay dy qabil nahi rahay ga. Hamein abhi ton step lena paray ga warna sadi naslain bimar paida hon giyan."

results:Lahore's weather is not the same as it used to be, it has become unpredictable. In June, the heat is so strange that it seems like a person is melting. And on top of that, the load of shading is on its own. But the biggest problem starts in winters when there is a lot of smoke. The whole city is covered in smoke, it is difficult to breathe and it burns in the eyes. The government often says that people don't take masks seriously. They are forced to close schools and children's education is at a loss. This is all because of the smoke and cars of the factories. We need to keep our city clean. We need to plant more trees. But here, housing societies are being built everywhere. They cut down every green space and build concrete. If this continues, Lahore will not be able to live in the next 10 years. We need to take steps from now on, or else our generation will get sick.

audio6:"Kadi kadi main sochdi han k purana waqt kitna changa si, na mobile da jhanjhat si na internet di tension. Hum saaray bachey asar de baad gali vich ikthay ho jande san, chupan chupai khaddni, cricket khedna, koi parwah hi nahi hundi si. Ammi aawazain dendi reh jandi san k ghar aao par sadi khed khatam nahi si hundi. Ab da bachpan dekhain te bachey har waqt iPad ya phone te lagay rehnday ne. Unhein pata hi nahi k mitti vich khednay da maza ki ay. Puranay dor vich jab light jandi si te sab chat tay chalay jande san, dadi amma ton kahanian sunday san. Hun te light jaye te power bank labday ne log. Pura shehar badal gya ay, log door hotay ja rahay hain halanki connect rehnay ky zariye barh gaye hain. Mujhe yaad ay jab saveray dhoodh wala cycles te aanda si aur poori gali vich aik rounaq hundi si. Wo sadgi aur wo mian-mithu wali baatein ab is digital daur vich kahin kho gayi hain, bas yaadein hi reh gayi hain."

result:Sometimes I wonder how good the old days were. Neither the mobile phones, nor the internet. We all used to gather in the streets after a cold. We used to play cricket in secret. Mom used to tell us to come home, but our games never ended. Now that we look at our childhood, kids are always on their iPads or phones. They don't even know what it was like to play in the mud. In the olden days, when we used to go to bed, everyone used to go to the terrace. Grandma used to listen to stories. Now that we go to bed, people get power banks. The whole city has changed. People are going far away, even though they are used to staying connected. I remember when we used to ride the milk cart in the morning. The whole street used to be a roundabout. Now we are lost in the digital age of simple and simple things. We are left with only memories.

audio7:"Freelancing lagdi te boht mazy di zandagi ay k ghar baitho aur dollars vich kamao, par iskay apnay hi roray ne. Kal raat maira aik client naal meeting si US da banda si wo. Theek meeting ky darmiyan mairi light chali gayi, aur maira UPS vi jawab dy gya. Mobile internet di speed itni buri si k zoom call bar bar drop ho rahi si. Main itni ambarrass hoyi k samajh nahi si aa rha k usko kia bolun. Wo sochty hon gay k inky paas basic bijli vi nahi hundi aur yeh AI software engineer banay phirtay hain. Phir payment transfer da masla hunda ay, PayPal Pakistan vich direct chalta nahi, Payoneer di fees itni zyada ay k banda soche adhay paise te tax aur fees vich hi nikal jande ne. Opar ton freelancers par naye naye tax lagaye ja rahay hain. Client kehta ay k mujhe das ghantay vich kaam chahiye, ab usay kon samjhaye k idhar load shedding da schedule chal rha ay. Kamai achi ho jati ay par mental stress double hota ay remote work vich."

result:It feels like freelancing and it's a lot of fun, it's life, sit at home and earn a dollar. But I had to cry on my own. Last night I had a meeting with a client from the US. During that meeting, I lost my connection and my UPS also responded. The speed of mobile internet was so slow that the zoom call was dropping again and again. I was so embarrassed that I couldn't understand what I was saying. They must have thought that they don't even have basic electricity and they act like software engineers. Then there is the issue of payment transfer. Paypal doesn't work in Pakistan. Payoneer's fees are so high that you think that half of the money goes into tax and fees. On top of that, freelancers get new taxes. The client says that they need less work in 10 hours. Who will explain to him that the schedule of load sharing is going on here. The earnings are good but the mental stress is doubled in remote work.

audio8:"Oy chal uth, is itwar nu sadi gali da match ay doosri gali walay larkon naal. Unho ny hamein challenge kita ay aur is dafa harana hi harana ay unhein. Pehly te achi ball aur tape lekar aao, purani tape utar gayi ay bat ton. Mairay paas jo bat ay uska handle thora loose ay, usay theek karwana ay shop ton. Shani nu kehna k bowling achi karwaye, pichli dafa usny boht wide ballain phenki san jiski waja ton hum haar gye san. Is dafa bazi jeetni ay kyun ky unho ny jeetnay walay nu aik bari biryani di party deni ay. Hum subha che baje hi ground vich pounch javain gy taqi pitch pehly hi mil jaye, warna baray larkay aa kar kabza kar lende ne. Baqi saaray larkon nu vi bol do k time naal pounch jayan, jo late aya usko team vich shamil nahi karna, bas boundary pe fielding karwayen gy us say. Is dafa poori tairyari ay mairi, batting vich main agay javan ga aur pehly over vich hi chakay maray ne."

results:Let's get up, this Sunday we have a match against the guys from the other lane. They have challenged us and this time they have to lose. First, a good ball and bring the tape. The old tape has come off from the bat. The bat that is sitting next to me has a loose handle. We have to fix it in the shop. Shani has to say that bowling should be done well. Last time she threw very wide balls, which is why we lost. This time we have to win the game because they have to give a big party to the winner. Now we all will reach the ground at 6 o'clock in the morning so that we get the pitch earlier. Otherwise the big boys will come and take it. The rest of the boys were told to reach on time and not to join the team if they were late. They were told to get their fielding done at the boundary. This time, I am fully prepared. I will go ahead in the patting and score a six in the first over.(75%)
